Add aiXplain agents tutorials with README and Python notebook (#58)
groq/groq-api-cookbook: tutorials/aiXplain-agents/README.md

<h2 align="center">
 <br>
 <img src="images/Aixplain Logo.png" alt="aiXplain Logo" width="150">
 <br>
</h2>

# Travel Agent Powered by aiXplain

## Overview

> This project demonstrates the capabilities of the aiXplain platform in creating a modular multi-agent. The Travel Agent combines advanced AI models, real-time data integration, and robust orchestration features to provide personalized and adaptive travel planning experiences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates the capabilities of the aiXplain platform in creating a modular multi-agent powered by Groq for fast inference speed. The Travel Agent combines advanced AI models, real-time data integration, and robust orchestration features to provide personalized and adaptive travel planning experiences.
```

> Built on aiXplain, this platform showcases how developers can easily design, build, and deploy intelligent agents without requiring extensive AI/ML expertise.

Reviewer: platform or tutorial built on aixplain?

- **Enterprise-Ready**: Provides robust security, scalability, and compliance for professional deployments.

## Features Demonstrated in This Project
### 1. Agent Design and Orchestration
- **Scraper Utility Agent**: Gathers insights from travel blogs and review platforms.
- **Location Agent**: Offers personalized recommendations for nearby landmarks and activities.
- **Weather Agent**: Provides real-time weather updates and forecasts.

### 2. Team Agents
- Combines individual agents into a cohesive system, enabling them to work collaboratively for complex workflows.

### 3. Effortless Deployment
- Publish agents as APIs with a single click using aiXplain's streamlined interface.
- Integrate APIs into applications via OpenAI standards, Python, Swift, or cURL.

## How to Use aiXplain for Your Projects

### Install the aiXplain SDK

```python
pip install aixplain
```

### Obtain Your Access Key
Register on aiXplain and retrieve your access key from the [Integrations](https://platform.aixplain.com/account/integrations) page. 

```python
import os
os.environ["AIXPLAIN_API_KEY"] = "<YOUR_ACCESS_KEY>"
```

### Build Your Agent

> Utilize `AgentFactory` to design agents with specific functionalities:

Reviewer: maybe link to groq models here?

```python
from aixplain.factories import AgentFactory

scraper_agent = AgentFactory.create(
    name="Scraper Utility Agent",
    description="Gathers travel insights based on user preferences.",
    tools=[...],

>     llm_id="..."

Reviewer: can we add groq here to make it a groq powered agentfactory?

Author: I can mention Groq powered LLMs here with a link to the Groq models on aiXplain's marketplace.
